today we are going to show you how to
iron your polisher
same principles for this will actually
apply when ironing sweatshirts or
hoodies the first part of the garment
you're going to iron is the color so you
take care to iron and you run the tip of
it from one side of the color all the
way around to the other easiest way of
doing the color you use the tip of the
iron up to the stitching the next part
we're going to do are the sleeves
now get the sleeves done you need to
make sure that they are lying flat and
that the seams are all square we're not
going to be ironing on the new creases
intuition so you take the art and you
iron from the inside out
taking care with the cuffs now cuff the
collar and the hem of a garment are the
most important they help the garment
keep its shape and the better the shape
it keeps the better of the X when it's
on second sleeve again working from the
inside out paying particular attention
to the code now when ironing this
garment or any garment make sure that
your iron is set to the same temperature
as the advice on the care enable the
care labels can usually be found inside
a garment at the site or at the back
where the neck is now we're going to
iron the main part of the garment and
again you want to have it nice and flat
on the ironing board all edges square
we're not adding in any new creases you
start with the shoulders different
gentle movements like this and you work
done
now with decorated garments it is
advised that you don't iron over the
decoration particularly with printed
garments of this will destroy the
decoration with embroidered garments
such as this you can very lightly run
the iron over it just be careful not to
hold in any one spot for too long if and
dash are in inside out moving them and
as you can see we're being careful to
keep this completely square so that we
don't burn any new creases in to talk to
the bottom and again paying particular
attention to the hem now if you wish you
could turn it over
this
and just are on the other side just
remember keep everything straight
I'm being careful without any decoration
on the garment then so use nice and
square we talked about it and that is
how you are a polo shirt or a t-shirt